Update instructions for generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.md (#11443)
github/docs: content/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.md

  **Note:** The `-K` option is Apple's standard version of `ssh-add`, which stores the passphrase in your keychain for you when you add an SSH key to the ssh-agent. If you chose not to add a passphrase to your key, run the command without the `-K` option. 

  If you don't have Apple's standard version installed, you may receive an error. For more information on resolving this error, see "[Error: ssh-add: illegal option -- K](/articles/error-ssh-add-illegal-option-k)."
  

>   The -K and -A flags are deprecated and have been replaced by the --apple-use-keychain and --apple-load-keychain flags, respectively.  To suppress this warning, set the environment variable APPLE_SSH_ADD_BEHAVIOR as described in the ssh-add(1) manual page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In MacOS Monterey (12.0), the `-K` and `-A` flags are deprecated and have been replaced by the `--apple-use-keychain` and `--apple-load-keychain` flags, respectively. 
```

I'm putting the flags in backticks and mentioning the MacOS version when folks will start encountering this. I've also removed the note about `APPLE_SSH_ADD_BEHAVIOR`, as I think we should just encourage folks to use the new flags.
